Team Members: Ty Seiber, Hunter Gilliam, Joshua Thomas

Iteration for BucHunt

Iterations timeframe: 2 weeks.
Team size: 3

Iteration 1:
	In the first interation our team will focus on the basic logic of
	the game. We would implement the ability for an admin to create, edit, delete,
	and update multiple different hunts. The first interation will be completely
	command line based to complete all game logic before adding server side.
	After the first iteration the admin should be able to test creating a hunt, deleting a 
	hunt, editing a hunt/updating a hunt, assign task for players. Our team will also
	store all data on a local SQL Lite server. We chose this path to complete the game logic 
	first that way it is easier to implement everything on the server at once.
	
Iteration 2:
	In the second the iteration our team will focus on implementing the basic game logic to 
	an actual server side architecture. In the back-end development we want to focus on 
	getting the hunt up and running on a website, and making sure we bootstrap the site to 
    be functional mobile, desktop, or tablet. Once the backend of the website is created and 
	the game is stored, we will focus on the front-end GUI of the website to have basic 
	functionality for the admin to test everything from interation 1 but on a web based 
	application. We chose to go this route for the second interation to have the basic game 
	setup on a web based application that way we can test the front and back-end functionality.
	
Iteration 3:
	In the third iteration our team will focus on implementing all of the APIs that we will 
	need to send emails, send texts, QR code scanning, and GPS functionality. Implementing
	these APIs may come with security risk so in this iteration we will try to address all 
	secuirty flaws that are found. In the phase our team will also focus more on the front-end
	for players with adding a leaderboard, task checklist, and the ability for the players to 
	sign into their accounts. Once the users have the ability to sign into their accounts, they
	will have the ability to edit and update their accounts to their liking. We chose to go 
	this route for the third iteration to add more functionality to the front-end for the players
	as well as adding APIs to support the basic game logic of the back-end to help complete 
	other functionalities that is required for the game. 
	
Iteration 4:
	In the fourth interation our team will focus on trying to tie everything up together as 
	well as making everything "pretty". This will include, but not limited to, finsihing all
	front-end development.
	
	
Takeaways:
	With having a smaller team size and a shorter time frame we decided to keep each iteration
	quite small that way we can forsure meet our deadlines and not fall behind. 